you
all right so we're pretty sure the motor
at 72 volts will spin at about 2,000 rpm
under load under load it would actually
keep going faster and faster and fat
that's the fun thing with series motors
if you if you apply a voltage to them
and there's no load they will actually
what's called running away and they'll
just continue to accelerate until they
explode which sounds pretty fun but we
only have the one motor so we don't
really want to want to do that
unfortunately hey guys so we have 2,000
rpm and we have all the gear ratios and
the size of the tire so we can do some
quick calculations and find out how fast
this guy could go
111 polish prayer that's pretty fast 31
meters a second all right time to buy
some parts
you
so we'd well this adapter on in this
bracket this would attach to the motor
and it'll be welded in place and then we
would drill and tap a bolt pattern onto
here and then we could buy different
sized sprockets Oh a 6 bucks yeah that's
probably easy way to do it so yeah we
dis is firmly attached to the motor and
then these Billick rear sprocket that
they'll always be centered to so you
don't have any
Oh perfect
now should we want ten feet hundred feet
you
all right 20 feet of size number for you
chain a sprocket adapter a 36 250r a 22
for super acceleration
enough yes small stuff
some well the both hinges these are
going to be used to mount the motor so
we can have a tensioning system so a
half inch threaded rod so if the sort of
nuts also going to be used for the
tensioning
alright let's do this